Voice over on sub checkboxes heading
level 1.
Checkbox inputs must identify its name
Roland state.
We start by letting the screen render
read on its own,
then we'll start at the top.
Manually choose your favorites form,
start logo other tire Alpha checkbox
unchecked.
Double tap to toggle setting.
Bravo checkbox unchecked.
Charlie checkbox unchecked.
Back to top of page in Page two of two,
Back to top of page in Page checkboxes
heading level checkbox.
Choose your alpha check Bravo checkbox.
Bravo checkboxes heading level checkboxes,
Choose your BC checkbox checked.
Bravo checkboxes heading level 1
unchecked Voiceover off.